[Music]
hi everybody I'm Jimmy thank you for
watching television think of this as a
zoom call where you don't have to say
anything or pretend to care about your
boss's dog I had a okay weekend I've
been doing a lot of research actually to
see if I can get cryogenically frozen
until Christmas
apparently it's doable today as you may
know is May the fourth also known as
Star Wars day as in may the fourth be
with you and of course if you are
celebrating Star Wars day please be sure
to stay at least two lightsabers apart
we need the force more now than ever as
if we didn't have enough to worry about
as if things weren't already insane the
country is now being invaded by
something called murder or Mnet's these
are Hornets they're 2 inches long and
they kill people and bees so looks like
we're never leaving our houses again to
murder Hornets were spotted in
Washington State driving a red Ford f250
North on Interstate 5 an official from
the Washington State Department of
Agriculture said the Hornets are
probably not going to murder someone
said don't panic ok great when I hear
probably not gonna murder I panic it's
just how I'm wired here in California we
have suicidal beachgoers to worry about
this is video from Huntington Beach over
the weekend where thousands of people
showed up to protest the closure of
beaches in Orange County I would love to
send all of these people on a cruise all
expenses paid to Wuhan in Florida a lot
of the state beaches have already
reopened which has some local residents
they're upset I'm gonna step out of the
frame enhancing the mic so he can
explain why he's here and why he is
dressed the way that he is
Daniel validates the summer
it's herbal Edwin's they will be no
frisbee
Jimmy Buffett did abusive and despair
Thank You Daniel yes thanks Daniel
it's nice to see death staying positive
during these difficult times I really
don't understand I want to go to the
beach too my kids want to go to the
beach but every medical expert says
don't go don't gather in public here's
the thing I want to ask all these people
protesting the stay at home orders let's
say your mom is sick she's short of
breath she's got a fever blood pressure
is sky-high who are you gonna listen to
this guy or these guys you gonna listen
to these women or these women personally
I go with whoever has the most teeth but
the president continues to play both
sides last night he was on Fox News for
a virtual town hall set in front of the
Lincoln Memorial and while his top
health experts are telling us to stay
home he's ready to get back out on the
road we have to think they're longing
for the rallies I get it all the time
ask her no you can't have a rally I
don't think we can have a rally with an
empty stadium with nobody in there in
other words you know you may be able to
pull it off a baseball or football or a
boxing or basketball you can't pull off
a rally with a hundred person it
wouldn't work out too well
so hopefully we'll be able to do rallies
in the last couple of months that is
what this is all about right there he
misses his rallies he needs to get out
there he needs to be cheered it's what
keeps him going he's like a shark he has
to keep moving and he has a hammer for a
head Trump has repeatedly predicted
we're gonna have a vaccine by the end of
the year which is something no one who
actually knows anything about developing
vaccines seems to agree with but that's
not how our president's brain works
you're putting your real chips on the
vaccine being fast I think we're gonna
have a vaccine by the end of the now the
doctors would say well you shouldn't say
that I'll say what I think it says the
man who suggested we drink bleach he
looked into his crystal bald spot and
expects to have a vaccine by the end of
the year it will be administered by
all Santa Clauses Trump has also been
trying to cast himself as a victim of
the virus in the shadow of the Lincoln
Memorial he complained that the media
has been very very mean to him
I am greeted with a hostile press the
likes of which no president has ever
seen the closest would be that gentleman
right up there they always said Lincoln
nobody got treated worse than Lincoln I
believe I am treated worse they don't
call him on a state for nothing just for
the record you're not allowed to say
you're being treated worse than Lincoln
if you are still alive Trump loves to
compare himself to Lincoln which in his
defense Abraham Lincoln never had his
own donkey series on Netflix have you
seen this not only is Trump the king of
ventilators he is also king of a new
Netflix series that explores all the
wildest characters in the Trump reverse
marathon ech done
tote mullet sportin tiger tackle and gay
polygamists president you know I think
that's bacon good-looking mm-hmm
love to party and have fun hello we're
getting a good look at your national
defense program when he's ready Travis
that shall we take care of Isis right
there buddy this gun right here Joe but
for me I mean I like pink camo a lot of
people make fun of me for it but you
know what it's just something I like
he was showering me with gifts and stuff
he bought me a truck actually bought me
like four or five different trucks so
we're taking the trash trailer down when
they John's driving the truck me Joe and
Travis are in the back of the trailer
and Joe says hi straight on you and he
goes pretty straight I said do you watch
porn he says yeah
I said what do you enjoy the guy with
the widow and doing her early enjoy
what's in the guy with the big one doing
it and he says well obviously you wanna
watch the guy with the big one I said if
we ain't that straight then all that
stuff incriminates him you know and I
don't think Joe will be in a Cell alone
I think other people were going to I
mean they don't know what I'm gonna do I
don't think I'm finished in this
[Laughter]
[Music]
it's so crooked the way they do it
that's where kim jeong-hoon is been and
I liked Rudy's new haircut